Sounds like you already have a choice
You will regret your choice today
President Wan, everyone here knows
He's making trouble here
Beating a security guard
Break up the contract
defiant
Damn president
Four-digit contract
Beating up a security guard in front of me
That's hitting you in the face.
This is contempt for our Universal Chamber of Commerce
President Wan Ye Longyuan, this waste
I said it more than once two days ago
When you see him, you want to kneel down and talk.
Ye Longyuan, do you dare to admit it?
Wan Guohao, I will make you kneel now
Are you kneeling or not?
Always up to you
Ha ha.
President Wan, did you see it?
This son is arrogant and will be severely punished
Defeat the two emperors
Cut out the tongue
President Wan's status is humble
Trespassing Summit
Collaborated by others
Must be severely punished
I kill private arrogance
speak wildly
If you can't convince the public
Please order the chairperson immediately
Order to kill you
I asked you to give your forehead to Tang Jiang
Privately courting death for General Xiao
I let you go
I'll deal with you later.
It can be announced as the president of the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Huangguo Street Group and Xiao Family Cooperation Project Cancelled
The project contract was handed over to the Tang family
I don't accept it.
Why give it to the Tang family?
My Xiao family is the first wealthy family in the building
Why cancel the cooperation with my Xiao family?
Even an illegitimate child dares to roar here
A bunch of blind dogs
subordinate
Wan Guohao meets the chef